the padding in here it's hard to cut
through
[Music]
there any way to get cut can you get cut
like the patient
yeah
[Music]
hey guys Mi Rae sorry about that I ran
out of I guess memory on my iPhone there
I was trying to videotape the whole
process of my cast being take it off so
anyways here's my leg after almost six
weeks of having that thing on without
getting my foot wash you can see all
this dead skin cell it's kind of nasty
just wanted to show you what it's like
having a cast can't wait to get this all
washed off
look at this nasty ass you know toe with
all those nasty ass dead skins all dried
and crusty oh my god take it what the
heck is there a light yeah oh what the
cap engine oh my gosh it yeah yeah oh
man what the heck is going on here
you